GG-34025 [IGNITE-15637] CPP: Remove obsolete Visual Studio projects and solutions (#2338)
gridgain/gridgain: modules/platforms/cpp/DEVNOTES.txt

it is recommended to use package repository for your OS to install boost package for the
development.

Building with CMake
----------------------------------

Common Requirements:
 * C++ compiler and SDK:
  Linux and Mac OS X:
   * clang >= 3.9 or gcc >= 3.6
  Windows:
   * Visual Studio 2010 or later
   * Windows SDK 7.1 or later

>  * CMake >= 3.6 must be installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * CMake >= 3.6 must be installed
```

Author: No, it's actually correct: CMake is a separate bullet-point and is not related exclusively to Windows - it's also used for Linux.

WARNING!
 * For running ODBC tests, ODBC driver must be installed in driver manager. See odbc/README.txt for details.
 * On Mac OS X Homebrew doesn't create symlinks for OpenSSL, so they should be created or as alternative
   OPENSSL_HOME should be set before running ODBC or thin-client tests.

Building ODBC Installers on Windows:
------------------------------------
 * Install WiX Toolset if you do not have it yet.
 * Add WiX Toolset "bin" directory to your PATH environmental variable.
 * Navigate to the directory $IGNITE_HOME/platforms/cpp
 * mkdir cmake-build-release-[32|64]
 * cd ./cmake-build-release-[32|64]
 * Run CMake configuration:
    cmake .. -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_GENERATOR_PLATFORM=[Win32|x64] -
       -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<install_dir> -DWITH_CORE=OFF -DWITH_ODBC=ON -DWITH_ODBC_MSI=ON
 * cmake --build . --target install --config Release

ODBC msi installers will be located in <install_dir>/bin

> Importing CMake projects to Visual Studio (tm) (since 2015):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Importing CMake projects to Visual Studio (tm) (2015 and newer):
```
